- 11th -

-- A story by unknown author --

They say the author is someone 
who is called pellet


????

If you found that book that means you managed somehow to reach these wild depths.
I'd like to turn away but I can't. The corridor I dug has collapsed. Those monsters won't stop once they see you.

I hid behind some gold ores, so I could get a rest. It's very lush for cave full of water and ruins.
It's time to eat something. From behind ores while eating cooked porkchop I saw skeleton shooting zombie from far. After while that skeleton drowned. Having some wood, stone and... luckily iron pickaxe I've got some spark of hope in my heart. That spark was: What if i can find stairs leading up behind some rocks?

Then I decided to mine... and it was bad choice. Those creatures heard me and closest white started shooting. 

First arrow - I dodged, while mining, saying phew to myself. I felt like just behind that one block I'll find some stairs.

The second arrow flew just after destroying rock before me, uncovering new underground terrain. That one hit the wall and fell.
And there those were: stairs... leading up. My hope. Sadly I can't be too excited now. My life is on line and stairs are hardly on sight. I started getting closer to the stairs and then a zombie started to chase me. That monster was wearing white clothes. I managed to kill him. I could now barely touch the stairs. 

Third arrow - missed one. I got onto stairs. 

Fourth arrow - second missed one. That one has hit last stair. I managed to get through some iron ores to see some zombies, creepers.

Fifth arrow - a skeleton from dungeon has shoot me and... it shoot right before me. I could fight back but I didn't have any arrows and a bow. I started looking for another upstairs.

Sixth arrow - the same skeleton missed his shot this time.

Seventh arrow - I ate another porkchop and while after the seventh arrow almost pierced my left shoulder. I still don't see another upstairs on the horizon.

Eighth arrow - I managed to hide to write that cronicle. This can't be... the feeling like I am gonna die in a while, like it was my last adventure.

With cronicle wrote to that moment I managed to get out of my hideout and continue exploring this cave for upstairs... and ninth arrow struck one of iron ores.

Tenth - another close call. Another skeleton stood before me and sh..oo.t.   in mmy lung an a-rrow

that wa s-s-s 1 1 th... and my secrets are now forgotten.




- - 
1
1
t
h 
- -
