The hot day

A short story by pelletsstarPL




2022
\0It is very hot today. The lakes around our village are drought by the sun. I took my iron axe and started gathering some wood and water. It is so hot that it made me want so badly to go rest on the beach.

I collected amount of wood enough to craft some wood walls and doors.

After a hard work I went to the closest to me beach and put my axe on the sand. The sand was also very hot, so I couldn't relax on sand for too long. Luckily i noticed a tree that was tilted so I could use it as a beach umbrella.

I took my axe, then went under the tree and laid down on the sand. It was colder than before and I could normally rest after hard work. Not for so long , when I heard a zombie roar behind me. I have got up to look for the source of this sound, only by hearing it again but louder.
"It is going for me. But I have an axe." - that is what I have thought. I took my axe and got towards the sound. There was a zombie wearing pink clothes. There were a lot of trees and cave entrance so some zombies could protect themselves from sunlight, which is deadly for them.
Still it was so warm, but colder than when I was on the sunlight. The zombie was going towards me, when I lost my hesitation and delivered a strongest sweep in its neck, killing it instantly. Its blood splashed me... how will I now return to the village? I do not want to be called a murderer.
In our village when you kill a zombie or skeleton you are not considered as a murderer, you are considered as a hero. I took off my clothes and started to wash them and my body before it dries. The water was luke. Despite what happened just a while ago bathing in this cold seawater
made me feel even better.

After a while I made sure that my clothes are cleaned out of blood and left them on land to dry them.

When I wandered across the beach while eating an apple ,I noticed bunch of seagulls fighting on a beach when one of these have sat on my shoulder... and dragged the apple out of my hands... or should I say tried to drag. Sadly I won that struggle and finished eating the fruit. It went a hour ago when I left the clothes on land so I have decided that I return to check if they are dry. To my surprise they were. Made one more ensurance that they have no bloodstains.

Once I checked i have put them on and went back home. I went home through the place I killed the zombie. I heard a whistle of something next to me. Not long after it was an arrow. When I looked back i saw a... skeleton.

"It is so warm today, yet it gets warmer seems like" - that is what I thought first. I took the closest rock and have thrown with all my might in its neck. To my surprise the skull came off the rest of this skeleton also... killing him instantly.
I took a bow and its arrows and sat down to rest wiping sweat off my forehead.
It was afternoon when I stroke this skelly.

When I felt rested, I have woke up and continued my way home. My homeland could be clearly seen. It were like 20 minutes of walking on these plains when I entered my home , changed clothes, put away my axe and got some safe rest.

The next day I wrote it all as you see here, went to the beach I went yesterday and buried it, but before that I wrote one last sentence:

"That was definitely the hot day."




THE END

