The first major milestone is finding a set of stairs. Stairs down go underground, into the caves. There are 4 levels of cave systems, each with a different ore(except 2nd where you can find mixed iron and gold ores). The first level has iron, the second has iron and gold (and tiny water ponds),third has gold, a lot of fungi, moss and flowers , and the fourth has gems (and lava), stone is replaced by deepslate which is harder to destroy. Mobs become more powerful the deeper you go. Lapis is also dispersed throughout the second , third and the fourth floor.

On each level, you'll have to find stairs leading down to the next. This is made difficult, however, by the fact that your vision is severely limited underground, to the point where you can only see about 1 tile in any direction. You may use torches and lanterns to light your way, as well as light potions.

You may also notice, on the surface level, stairs leading up, into the sky, surrounded by strange rock. To break this rock, you need a gem pickaxe or stronger. So, in order to reach the sky, you must first get all the way down to the fourth underground level, where gems and lava reside, and make it back up.

If you manage to accomplish that, and craft a gem pickaxe, then you can break the rocks surrounding the stairs to the sky. There, you'll find the airwizard boss waiting for you.

After you defeat the airwizard, there's actually more storyline. A message appears on screen, saying the dungeon is open. That refers to a certain staircase on the lava level going down, surrounded by purple obsidian bricks and walls. Only after defeating the airwizard can you destroy the obsidian and go down the stairs. The level you'll find is entirely composed of obsidian walls and bricks, with occasial small pockets of lava scattered about and hidden underneath the lava. There are no ores other than obsidian ones.

The enemies there are of two new types: snakes, and knights. Snakes drop scales, which can be used to craft green snake armor, and knights drop shards, which are needed to craft claymores (upgraded swords).

As for the additional storyline, you will find immovable, grayed-out chests scattered about on the dungeon floor. These are known as "dungeon chests", and are locked at first. In order to open a dungeon chest, you need to have a key, which knights and snakes will occasionally drop. As long as the key is in your inventory, you can then unlock a locked dungeon chest, using up the key in the process. Inside are numerous fantastic goodies.

The significance of these chests to the storyline is that you must find and unlock all of them. The amount is dependent on the map size and, of course, some random chance. If you press F3 while on the dungeon level, it will display how many locked chests remain.
Upon unlocking the final chest, you will receive 5 golden apples (because why not), and something will happen. Should you return to the surface, you'll run into a second airwizard boss. However, this one is much different. Besides the fact that you're on the surface, rather than the sky, and it is colored differently, the airwizard is much faster, has more health, is not stopped by any tiles, and does more damage.
Should you defeat this monster airwizard, you get a cool reward. This reward can be used to craft totems that can summon several bosses, for example the night wizard. But remember to make totem work you need to fullfill several conditions. As for Moonlight totem you need to be on surface and totem will only summon night wizard during the night.

And that's the end of the official Minicraft Squared's storyline. Of course, you may continue to play your world as usual afterwards.